# Projeto-NLW
Hey, I'm glad you're here.
	With this project, I implemented a simple idea, just a form of presentation for a fictious company, using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, focusing on responsiveness, with media queries, and adaptability, using CSS3 variables for fonts, colors and styles. 
	The header, consists of a logo, with two colors using a span tag and a burger icon, for smaller devices, which leads to the menu, or the full navigation engine for larger devices. With this, the header is fixed on the screen and, when one item is clicked, it is highlighted with a corresponding color defined on the CSS variables.
	The menu positions the user on the selected section. When in a smaller device, the user controls the menu by touching the hamburger icon on the top right corner, which makes it do a roll down motion and it occupies the whole screen. This was done with a function, in JavaScript, attributed to the icon, that adds a class (show) to the menu div. After activating the icon, the hamburger changes to a closing icon, that removes the show class. In bigger devices, the menu is fully shown on the website’s header.
	The main part of the website is divided by sections, each section has a divider (div) formated by the same class, to keep the uniformity on the page. 
	Under the header, on the first section, a photo of that shows some activity of the company  with a background that matches the color pallet chosen with a pseudo element (‘before’ ). In smaller devices,  a main title is shown under the first image with a scheduling button. In larger devices, the main title is show on the left side of the screen. This was made by adding a breakpoint to screens with more than 767px of width. Ending the page, we have a divider element, that has a gradient pattern, which it’s color is defined by the pallet.
	In the second section, we have another image, with the same pseudo element for it’s background, followed by a summary about the company.
	After this, we have a description for what services are presented for the customers, which are organized in the form of cards displayed one under the other, in smaller devices, while in large screens the cards can be displayed side by side varying using the ‘grid-template-columns’ format and each card has moving effect made with a shadow transition activated by a hover element.
	In the fourth section, is presented some testimonials made by customers, with the same effect from the previous section for the cards with the messages. For these cards, a swipper function was used, but the number of cards shown also depends on the screen size, made by a breakpoint with auto margins.
	By the end of the page, there`s a contact section followed by a button which directs the user to whatsapp and, after, has all the contact information needed and, finally, we have a footer that presents the logo, copyright information and other social networks.
	Besides that, there`s a button that directs the user to the top of the page, all sections load as the user rolls the page using a scroll reveal function on JavaScript. 
